Referenced library wrapper (#72)
arduino/arduino-pro-content: content/tutorials/portenta-h7/por-ard-dcp/content.md

![A Basic setup of the board attached to your computer](../por-ard-gs/assets/por_ard_gs_basic_setup.svg?sanitize=true)

> **Note:** Get the examples from the tutorials' library: **Libraries -> Arduino_Pro_Tutorials -> Dual Core Processing**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** You can access the examples from the tutorials library once it's installed: **Examples -> Arduino_Pro_Tutorials -> Dual Core Processing**
```
